1. Provide better distributed exception handling ensuring proper transmission of failures

2. Ensure check on concept removal to ensure prevention of breaking dependencies upon the concept

3. Rename of Type to Concept within the whole software

5. Switch to pure pooling based arrangement for memory management in the server (connections, dtos, ontology entities, ...)

6. Use zero ID on single create domain

7. Ensure only one zero ID on domains passed as group to ontology instances

8. Fix better normalisation on all entities

9. Fix complete trimming on all entities on service side.

10. Move normalisation to the the ontology instances out of the dtos

11. Switch persistence to only ontology entities away from dtos to ensure valid structure

12. Instantiate the actual ontology to ensure validity of structure 

13. Improve assertTrue/assertFalse messages on regression tests for the registry service

14. Bundle the relayservice into the registry also

15. Readd Techniques to the database

16. Further improve certain CRUD operations by fetching the typename from the class and substituting to cut down on functions

17. Move all persistence class templates over to purely function templates because classes are overkill in this case

18. Better provide logger through other mechanism rather than getSingleton

19, Provide a proper means to switch out logging levels (implement debug, error, fatal, etc) as options through possibly xml

20. Eliminate matchingservice and nameservice as these are now replaced

21. Rename DTOs as prototypes

22. Implement 

23. Impl basic @persisted annotation

23. Impl basic @pooled onnotation

23. Impl basic @serialise annotation

24. Impl basic @remote annotation

25. Impl basic @prototype annotation

26. Impl basic @persisted-prototype

26. Impl basic @serialised-prototype

27. Impl basic @stateful (implicitly @pooled)

28. Impl basic @stateless (implicitly @pooled)

29. Impl basic @pure-stateless (never pooled)

30. Get basic on the wire error handling correct (exception type and exception message always read)

31. 